There are many people and the two veins have been connected.
Golunan
Your martial arts foundation is better than your best friend.
How is this possible?
Come and drink, you don't have a few days to live
Enjoy now. Enjoy now.
Drink
Don't drink
Do you think I want to serve you?
Oops dad what did you say
Mom, don't turn around
In case you can't find the match
I will donate bone marrow to you
Here, here's your favorite.
Go away you are not my own
I don't want to see you.
Mom, what's the matter with you?
I beg you to go
Can't you understand human language?
Mom, I'm not your daughter, who is your daughter?
People are so kind to me
What is the purpose?
I treated you so badly and gave it back to you.
I want to go to another man's bed
Treat you as a true Confucius
You have bestowed upon me
Mom, I don't have it.
I don't want to see you anymore.
Conan let's go
Don't escape